`cylc play` service: don't unset `$CYLC_ENV_NAME` if no version specified (#533)
cylc/cylc-uiserver: changes.d/533.fix.md

> Fixed bug introduced in 1.4.2 where job submission would fail if using a Cylc environment whose name does not match `cylc-8.X.Y` exactly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed bug introduced in 1.4.2 where `cylc play` would fail if using a Cylc environment whose name does not match `cylc-8.X.Y` exactly.
```
